Lambda School
After watching the interview with our CEO Austen Allred summarize what you think is different about Lambda School compared to either a traditional college education or a coding bootcamp. Be sure to include both positive and potentially negative aspects. 
Comparing to traditional college education, Lambda has advantages of shorter training time, better job support, updated curriculum, approaching more talents, who may not afford traditional school. Since Lambda’s profits are tied to student’s success, Lambda has motivation to ensure its students outcome. However, Lambda is a relatively new school. Therefore, Lambda’s reputation is not as great as traditional school. 
Spirit of Independent Learning
After watching the TEDx video by Barbara Oakley answer these questions:

What are the two modes of thinking described in this video?
Focus mode and relax mode.

Do you think the Pomodoro technique would help you with procrastination?

Yes, I do. Pomodoro technique would help me think that the task is not too painful to work in 25 minutes.

Describe what  is meant by “Illusions of Competence in Learning”.
“Illusion of competence in learning” means that studying hard by spending hours could be a waste of time if effective study methods weren’t used..

What are some studying tips that you might implement after watching this video?

I always thought that focus and spending hours after hours on a problem is the best way to find a solution. But after watching this video, I found out that I have learnt the wrong way my entire life. I could have saved my time by just giving myself a break during studying sections. Thanks to this video, I know that relaxing is not wasting time but a way to improve my brain productivity.

Outcomes Based Assessment
How are outcome based assessments different from traditional testing?

Outcome based assessments test your ability to get the job done. It is different from traditional testing, which rate you based on percentage. In my opinion, traditional testing gives more insight to compare students to students, while outcome based assessments answer a simple question if the student will be able to do the job.

Describe what a “1”, “2” and “3” mean on assessments

1 means fail. 2 means you get the job done, meets the expectation. 3 means you did more than expected.
	

Describe the process of “flexing” at Lambda School

If you fail (got two 1s on 2 sprints in a unit), you can flex. Flex means that you can repeat the unit until you get a 2.

